Update application-architectures.mdx (#5567)
dfinity/portal: docs/building-apps/best-practices/application-architectures.mdx

The idea is to create a canister per user and make the user the controller of their canister.
The main canister of the application would then orchestrate user canisters to implement the application’s functionality.
Since users are controllers of their canisters, they can install their own code, decide how to participate in the application, and determine what data to share.

> Still without a package manager for creating such software easily, these user benefits come at large development costs because the main canister needs to be programmed in such a way that it can handle all possible actions of potentially malicious user canisters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without using a package manager for creating such software easily, these user benefits come at large development costs because the main canister needs to be programmed in such a way that it can handle all possible actions of potentially malicious user canisters.
```

This is a new and unprecedented way of programming.

> It is being implemented in [IC Pack package manager](https://docs.package-manager.com/) (the MVP is expected soon) - the software that allows to do canister-per-user architecture easily, making the user self-sovereig over their software. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example is the [IC Pack package manager](https://docs.package-manager.com/) (MVP coming soon), which can be used to create a canister-per-user architecture.
```
